1. Which of the following statements are true? (Check all that apply)
Having good non-linear features can allow us to learn very accurate linear classifiers.

2. A simple linear classifier can represent which of the following functions? (Check all that apply)
A, B, C

3. Which of the the following neural networks can represent the following function? Select all that apply.
D

4. Which of the following statements is true? (Check all that apply)
Features in computer vision act like local detectors.
By learning non-linear features, neural networks have allowed us to automatically learn detectors for computer vision.

5. If you have lots of images of different types of plankton labeled with their species name, and lots of computational
resources, what would you expect to perform better predictions:
a deep neural network trained on this data.
              
6. If you have a few images of different types of plankton labeled with their species name, what would you expect to 
perform better predictions:
a simple classifier trained on this data, using deep features as input, which were trained using ImageNet data.
1. What"s the least common category in the training data?
bird

2. Of the images below, which is the nearest "cat" labeled image in the training data to the the first image in the test data 
(image_test[0:1])?
F

3. Of the images below, which is the nearest "dog" labeled image in the training data to the the first image in the test data 
(image_test[0:1])?
D

4. For the first image in the test data, in what range is the mean distance between this image and its 5 nearest neighbors that
were labeled "cat" in the training data?
35 to 37

5. For the first image in the test data, in what range is the mean distance between this image and its 5 nearest neighbors that
were labeled "dog" in the training data?
37 to 39

6. On average, is the first image in the test data closer to its 5 nearest neighbors in the "cat" data or in the "dog" data?
cat

7. In what range is the accuracy of the 1-nearest neighbor classifier at classifying "dog" images from the test set?
67.8%
