1. Recommending items based on global popularity can (check all that apply):
none of the above

2. Recommending items using a classification approach can (check all that apply):
provide personalization
capture context (e.g., time of day)

3. Recommending items using a simple count based co-occurrence matrix can (check all that apply):
provide personalization

4. Recommending items using featurized matrix factorization can (check all that apply):
provide personalization
capture context (e.g., time of day)

5. Normalizing co-occurrence matrices is used primarily to account for:
items purchased by many people

6. A store has 3 customers and 3 products. Below are the learned feature vectors for each user and product. 
Based on this estimated model, which product would you recommend most highly to User #2?
Product #2

7. For the liked and recommended items displayed below, calculate the recall and round to 2 decimal points.
(As in the lesson, green squares indicate recommended items, magenta squares are liked items. Items not recommended 
are grayed out for clarity.) Note: enter your answer in American decimal format (e.g. enter 0.98, not 0,98)
0.33

8. For the liked and recommended items displayed below, calculate the precision and round to 2 decimal points. 
(As in the lesson, green squares indicate recommended items, magenta squares are liked items. Items not recommended are 
grayed out for clarity.) Note: enter your answer in American decimal format (e.g. enter 0.98, not 0,98)
0.25

9. Based on the precision-recall curves in the figure below, which recommender would you use?
RecSys #1
1. Which of the artists below have had the most unique users listening to their songs?
Taylor Swift

2. Which of the artists below is the most popular artist, the one with highest total listen_count, in the data set?
Kings of Leon

3. Which of the artists below is the least popular artist, the one with smallest total listen_count, in the data set?
William Tabbert

4. Using the first 10,000 unique users only in the test data, use the personalized_model learned on the training data to
recommend 1 song to each user. What’s the most recommended song?

Undo - Björk
